add keda_scaled_object_paused to the docs (#1111)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.11/operate/prometheus.md

- `keda_scaler_errors` - The number of errors that have occurred for each scaler.
- `keda_scaler_errors_total` - The total number of errors encountered for all scalers.
- `keda_scaled_object_errors` - The number of errors that have occurred for each ScaledObejct.

> - `keda_scaled_object_pause` - The number of pause scaledObject (using the annotaion detailed [here](https://keda.sh/docs/latest/concepts/scaling-deployments/#pause-autoscaling))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keda_scaled_object_pause` - The number of paused scaledObject (using the annotation detailed [here](https://keda.sh/docs/latest/concepts/scaling-deployments/#pause-autoscaling))
```

Author: Done

> - `keda_scaled_object_paused` - The number of paused scaledObject (using the annotation detailed [here](https://keda.sh/docs/latest/concepts/scaling-deployments/#pause-autoscaling))

Reviewer 2: it is not number of paused scaledobjects, but it marks whether the SO is paused or not.

Move this to line 14, so it is next to activity

Reviewer 3: Alright I will do that.

Reviewer 2: @geoffrey1330 please fix this, so we can go ahead and merge the feature
